make Foundation more k8s agnostic (#70)
cncf/sig-app-delivery: operator-wg/whitepaper/02_Foundation.md

### Operator Characteristics
**(Current) Issue: https://github.com/cncf/sig-app-delivery/issues/37**

> The core purpose of any operator is to extend its orcherstrator's underlying API with new domain knowledge. For instance, just like Kubernetes natively understands things like containers and layer 4 load balancers via the Pod and Service objects, operators add new capabilities for more complex systems and applications. As an example, prometheus-operator adds a new object type, Prometheus, which extends Kubernetes with high-level support for deploying and running a Prometheus server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core purpose of any operator is to extend its orchestrator's underlying API with new domain knowledge. As an example, an orchestration platform as Kubernetes natively understands things like containers and layer 4 load balancers via the Pod and Service objects. An operator adds new capabilities for more complex systems and applications. For instance, a prometheus-operator introduces new object types, "Prometheus", which extend Kubernetes with high-level support for deploying and running Prometheus servers.
```
